

METHODS OF ISOLATING NEOANTIGEN-SPECIFIC T CELL RECEPTOR SEQUENCES | Technology Transfer

      Skip to main content
    

 

 

 

Bookmarks

Register

Login

 

 

 

 

Main Menu

                Partnerships
          

Toggle submenu

 

 

 

Partnerships

These links provide access to the information that is commonly needed for companies or organizations interested in partnering with NIH. The information here covers the process from researching available technologies through fees associated.

 

Overview
Opportunities
Featured Technologies
Collaboration / CRADAs
Licensing Process
Forms / Model Agreements
Startups

 

Non-Profits
License Materials
Licensing FAQs
Business Opportunities
Product Showcase
Product Pipeline
Federal Register Notices

 

The NIH cannot commercialize its discoveries even with its considerable size and resources — it relies instead upon partners. Typically, a royalty-bearing exclusive license agreement with the right to sublicense is given to a company from NIH to use patents, materials, or other assets to bring a therapeutic or vaccine product concept to market.

                Royalties
          

Toggle submenu

 

 

 

Royalties

Information for inventors and licensees on the administration of royalties.

 

Information for NIH Inventors
Information for Licensees
License Notices / Reports

 

Royalty Coordinators
NIH Payment Center
CDC Payment Center

 

Each year, hundreds of new inventions are made at NIH and CDC laboratories. Nine NIH Institutes or Centers (ICs) transfer NIH and CDC inventions through licenses to the private sector for further research and development and eventual commercialization.

                Reports
          

Toggle submenu

 

 

 

Reports

These links provide access to reports tracking the success of NIH licensed products.

 

Annual Reports
Tech Transfer Statistics
Tech Transfer Metrics
Tech Transfer Awards
Commercial Outcomes
HHS License-Based Vaccines & Therapeutics
Public Health & Economic Impact Study

 

Stories of Discovery
Chen Lecture Videos
NIH Patents and Active Patent Commercialization Licenses
Media Room
Tech Transfer Newsletters
NIH Patents and Patent Applications

 

The NIH, CDC and FDA Intramural Research Programs are exceptionally innovative as exemplified by the many products currently on the market that benefit the public every day. Reports are generated from the commonly tracked metrics related to these products.

                Resources
          

Toggle submenu

 

 

 

Resources
These links provide resources to those interested in the technology transfer activities at NIH.

 

Forms and Model Agreements
License Notices / Reports
Video Library
Inventor Resources

 

Presentations & Articles
FAQs
RSS Feeds
Inventor Showcase

 

Past videos, lectures, presentations, and articles related to technology transfer at NIH are kept and made available to the public. These topics range from general technology transfer information to processes specific to NIH.

                Policy & Regulations
          

Toggle submenu

 

 

 

Policies & Regulations

These links provide access to the policies and regulations surrounding partnering or collaborating with NIH.

 

Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
PHS Technology Transfer Policy
NIH IRP Access Planning Policy

 

Policies & Reports
Useful Links

 

If a company would like to acquire rights to use or commercialize either an unpatented material, or a patented or patent-pending invention, a license is required. There are numerous policies and regulations surrounding the transfer or a technology from the NIH to a company or organization.

                About
          

Toggle submenu

 

 

 

About Us

These links provide information about the Office of Technology Transfer.

 

Contact Us
Staff Directory
Management
FAQs

 

HHS Tech Transfer Offices & Contacts
Careers in Tech Transfer
Location & Directions
Feedback

 

The NIH Office of Technology Transfer (OTT) plays a strategic role by supporting the patenting and licensing efforts of our NIH ICs. OTT protects, monitors, markets and manages the wide range of NIH discoveries, inventions, and other intellectual property as mandated by the Federal Technology Transfer Act and related legislation.

 

 

 

Breadcrumb

Home

                  Patent
              

                  METHODS OF ISOLATING NEOANTIGEN-SPECIFIC T CELL RECEPTOR SEQUENCES
              

  METHODS OF ISOLATING NEOANTIGEN-SPECIFIC T CELL RECEPTOR SEQUENCES

Technology

E-067-2017

Patent ID

E-067-2017-0-US-02

Country

US

Application Type

DIV

Patent Status

Pending

Patent Number

 

Publication Number

US-2024-0124935-A1

Application Number

18/397,448

IC

NCI

Date Filed

2023-12-27

Date Issued

 

Patent PDF

 

Related Technologies

TAB-3869     A Rapid Method of Isolating Neoantigen-specific T Cell Receptor Sequences

 

 

 

 

 

 

Return to Top

 

About
Privacy Notice
Accessibility
Web Policies & Notices
Open Data

 

 
For NIH Staff Only
HHS
NIH
HHS Vulnerability Disclosure

 

Connect
Twitter
LinkedIn

 

Contact
Feedback

 

Office of Technology Transfer, Office of Intramural Research, National Institutes of Health

